For my senior design project, I will be designing a scalable web application. This application will be focused on gaming since that is something I am passionate about. This project for me is about honing all the skills I have learned throughout my time here in the UC computer science program. It will also require me to learn new things that I did not already know. It will be a good way to determine whether I am ready to work in the field. I do believe that this is the best next step for me. 

As mentioned above this project will show what I have learned from the computer science program. The computer science program at UC has taught me numerous technical skills and professional skills. Classes like CS 1021 gave me a very useful introduction to coding. Classes like CS 2021 and CS 2028 taught me a lot about object-oriented programming. These are all things that I will use during these projects. All of my other classes taught me good problem-solving skills. They also taught me the best way to approach large projects, and how to do proper research. 

My co-op experience will also help me with this project. My time at the University of Cincinnati Office of Research specifically introduced me to web development. One of my projects was learning Vue (JavaScript framework) and using it to assist on creating a web application. That is also what gave me the idea for this project because I found web development interesting. My co-op experience also taught me how to do proper research and learn things on my own. It also taught me how to manage my time and complete a large project. 

I am excited for this project because it is a way to prove to myself that I am capable of handling this field in the future. It will also verify that this program was worth it for me. It will verify that my five years at UC were worth all of the time and money spent. This project will also be a resume booster for when I apply to jobs in the future. I am very excited to test my abilities. 

My approach to this project was first trying to decide what my web application would need to include. I would like it to be very useful for gamers like me and scalable. I also want it to include aspects that you can’t find in other gaming websites. I expect to create a very user-friendly, and useful websites that can be scaled easily. Since I am the only one working on this project then all the pressure is on me. I have used enough web applications to know if what I have is good. I also have plenty of friends to test for me. 
